Add score inheritance helps (#32)
tidb-challenge-program/register: README.md

## Sign Up

By [opening an issue](https://github.com/tidb-challenge-program/register/issues/new?template=challenge-program-register.md&title=Challenge+Program+Register), you can sign up challenge program. Once the sign up is successfully done, bot will comment on your issue.

> ## Score Inheritance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Points Inheritance
```

Reviewer: We use (Challenge) Points in readme and website. So I guess we should use it here too.

> By default, you should register with the same team name as 1st season to inherite your score, this helps you to skip some easy tasks. If you register as personal player in 1st season and want a score inheritance, call @you06 to help you in your sign-up issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inherit the points you earned in previous seasons, you must sign up by the same name with what you used back then. This will be reflected as your Accumulative Points. If it's over 200, you can direcly skip the Easy level tasks. If you run into any issues inheriting historical points, contact @you06 to help you out.
```

Author: As our strategy, I think "If it's over 200, you **will** direcly" is more accurate.

Reviewer: SGTM
